we get to know real talk you
just saw the new episode of
wicked tuna
now it's time for we can tune a
real talk with some of
Gloucester's bluefin captain's
share their thoughts on the week
of fishing i'll be your host
my name is mike s'alright in
this episode we got three
captains in fact a fourth
members well we'll get to that
captain Paul Lieber to the Kelly
Anne Morrow dibacco owner of the
Kellyanne is here with us as
well captain Dave Marciano hard
merchandise and captain Tyler
McLaughlin of the pinwheel here
as well thank you all for being
with us today
tensions have been mounting on
your boat guys the Kellyanne
things came to a head this week
the episode ended with a
bombshell revelation from morrow
that he's planning to send Paul
packet see you later
take a look everything's an
uphill battle that's how it's
gonna be just some people might
look nice but they're really not
good people
there's no doubt in my mind
Kenny and I could take this bold
go out and catch fish
I'll go home and talk to the
family i'll come back and say
we're done
it's been awhile i mean but
you've been thrown off boats
before what would it be like to
be without a boat at this stage
that is this stage of the season
it's too late to run another
boat it's way too late to like
get regroup tomorrow
you see that clip you remember
what's been going on the boat
what can you say about Paul and
his leadership at this point
tensions were definitely high
when you're not catching you're
not getting paid
it's it's a lot of grinded and
you start to question everything
at this point you sure seemed as
if there's a lot of regret are
you regretting your decision to
hire Paul yes I was past time we
going home with no money in my
pocket with a $MONEY bill all
you guys together all having
some issues of there because the
rest of the fleet over your work
smoking and we're catchin fish
catchin yeah just get on the
same page
John it back to what it was but
last year when you cut 319
everyone goes throw it all
that's gonna be hard i mean both
both both morrow and Kenny were
pretty rough on you they're
pretty honest both both
professionally and also really
personally
let's take a look at that I've
never spoken to people the way i
get spoken to on this boat
mr. motivation you should take a
motivated seminar something he's
gonna be a captain because they
ain't gonna make it
someone forcing any peace of
mind I work so hard i need the
money but he's not doing one who
needs money
marcus three kids why we're in
last place
it's clear as day because it's
an eye on me instead of a week
and iceberg
you know we do we survive . we
got a couple fights we lose fish
becoming a joke
yeah Paul wasn't just your
fishing decisions really that
they seem to be looking at
everything in examining
everything that you're doing
from lashing decisions through
your leadership to your
personality to your work ethic
yeah how do those accusations
like handling the grind it wears
on you this this for a living is
not for everybody we're actually
all have crazy to do this for a
living to give up real jobs to
do this feast or famine job for
a living but this is all I have
I don't know anything else did
you know that you're upsetting
the guys that much
oh yeah oh yeah and yeah rise
expert at that you don't have to
get all of the morning didn't
you just not care of you enjoy
the straight no you don't enjoy
it if you try to get some Sun
shot of it
Tyler you know when you've got
these guys have caught only
three fish so far this year
clearly there's some leadership
issues or some chemistry issues
on that boat how much of a role
do you think that plays in the
lack of tunic or as a vice versa
well obviously I've been there
in the past I've had tough year
it just seems you know they got
a lot going on there that they
can't get on the same program if
you know that's the different
here the Paul's coming way up in
the main is coming into
different areas and you know the
rest of the fleet were all
catching fish in doing well and
it seems like their boat is an
absolute catastrophe
Dave what do you think why it
was Paul lagging behind with
this boat were caged it's a
tough racket right in there
right when you haven't things
aren't going right and you're
not making money everybody can
get each other's nerves right
and this is one of the things
that takes time as a skipper
kinda learn that even when it's
his worst as it gets
someone's gonna you know keep
altogether right against and
that's a skill that's learned
over time you'd only be no
matter how bad it is
you got to keep the you know the
upbeat pace and you know again
will we go through it on a boat
you don't think you are right
right
you know I've had my share of
meltdowns don't know maybe once
in awhile and he saved a change
or still recovering from the
water company weeks ago
yeah but many times you want it
it's it's it's like that that's
a hard thing especially when
you're not catchin fish because
I everybody is giving a hundred
percent well let me ask you
specifically Paul me and Mauro
says if you were using your own
money maybe you would act a
little bit differently on the
boat you think that's true it in
a way when you have a bowl all
the expenses come out of the
fish so when you catch a fish
you take all the expenses out
but there's still a big nut that
we have to come ahead of those
expenses to make money at the
time that we put in on you
really going to catch it really
going to make 50 grand to make
money you owe me because it
costs like you know ten grand
ball at five grand bay Hawks
lead is beyond me but I think
it's a lot of dress that weighs
on you but if you let it get to
you it will ruin the whole
season tell what do you think
I'm not sitting out here for
five days of whack want my rod
to bend over and reel in a fish
for an hour and then break them
off you got to use adequate
tackle and if you're not using
200 220 pound test line you have
no business being out on the
water
oh cool you put 150 out you bet
your rod you want to fish for 10
or 15 minutes and he bit through
the long never use regulations
now without precautions got
already tried as regretted it
got a safety Matthews you got
one whining that I've used my
whole life has been one . too
late
you know I know but you're using
a Jayhawk can get the right hook
up with that Paul you've told us
so far in this show not today
but in a previous week that you
bought your own boat for next
year you should be all ready to
go as the captain of your own
boat
yeah has this season and some of
the leadership issues made youth
think we think consider how you
want to do things differently
all the years I've been doing
this you learn what not to do
it's not so much what to do what
not to do and you should end up
pretty good morrow
what advice would you give one
piece of advice on leadership of
about what would you offer
motivate ya if you don't
motivate
yeah yeah you can make everyone
feel portable likely yeah for me
and like for like TJ and like
elite captains and like Dave I
don't know how he operates on
his vote but like I said my
lines
TJ I know he sets his lines and
like when you start having
confidence in a mate that he
could set the lines and you can
be comfortable with that then
you think that's something that
your maybes always aspiring to
do you're always aspiring to get
to the next level of the next
job or the next this so if you
can just motivate your crew by
Hank let them start doing tasks
that they didn't use to be able
to do like that they've learned
and watched you do you get
everyone that you get them
excited you and Paul work
together in North Carolina last
year you guys made a pretty
formidable team we're
challenging moments for you with
all your not so much you know
Paul pretty much down your
Carolina I've been fishing here
with the greenstick for quite a
few years pod been down green
sticking in like whatta ya mean
ya and I think he had trust in
my ability down here I smell in
the air before and he kind of
just we rolled into it you know
he let me run my spread i did my
thing when Paula's huge when the
fish is on the line
that's what Paul helps you
understand the way the fish move
he understands how to fight the
fish I i can run the boat or
Paul can run the boat I can
fight the fish for Paul can
fight the fish it's great to
have Paul the boat as you can do
every task when we get up there
in Maine and you've got a lot of
different spots and lot of
different things going on
picking the right ones hard and
I think it's sometimes you know
getting on a new boat being a
captain of a new both is a lot
of pressures that come with that
and I think that's why he's
struggling this year I will if
we learned anything from the
latest episode besides the
intricacies of fishing tackle
it's the teamwork is everything
at Paul's team fell apart
Tyler struggled in his first
trip out after losing his
right-hand man David last week
and meanwhile Marciano and his
tight-knit family crew were busy
landing three fish got family on
the boat and that seems to be
working out really really well
for you you're in second place
right now right behind fishing
vessel tuna.com let's see what
that looks like color coming in
flat back and on this run it on
this rug
wait wait yeah we get to have a
great day
nice shot drop that goddamn yeah
you'll find him on the rod goes
on my left gonna take the job
get them tight get them tight
job well done the job ya got
your knife it while you and your
son and your nephew you guys
have been rolling right along
what is the secret been so far
look the secret is a good team
no matter who you are you need a
good team
it just goes to show you know
it's not about the boat so much
you need adequate bone but when
you get a good team
things just fall into place you
know it again might get that
overnight right that'll work
together and live together you
know James but on the boat nine
years now full-time that my son
has been coming since he was in
pull up so you know what I mean
we we know what's going on and
those guys make it happen for me
with without them
I'll be the first to admit I
wouldn't catch half as much you
know without that could team
behind me there's nothing but we
started off here talking about
chemistry and Tyler you were on
top of the leaderboard when the
week began but now trying to
adjust to some new chemistry
with only one guy in your boat
you had two on the line you lost
them both at once
it wasn't pretty definitely got
a nice one on paper here hugs
double just like clothes
oh my god we need David jr.
going on now we got out of the
fucker
he's off Tyler that one came off
pulled the hook better luck next
time
me and without Tyler you end up
phone from first all the way
down to third place you know how
big a role did David play we
have to ask now how important
was he getting you to where you
were so far this year
well I mean I went back to my
typical way of doing things and
i decided to hook more than one
once we had to one line and you
can't drive the boat fight to
fish at once you know it won't
let one come slack pulled off on
him and pulled up on the other
one Noli starline held together
we didn't get shaved off because
we're using adequate tackle but
you know it's a bummer not
having date on the boat and it's
just next we gotta regroup how
much of how much of a learning
curve is there going to be with
Travis you know this is a little
bit of a learning curve with
Travis but the bottom line is
the one thing i like about him
is he's an angler and he
understands being finessed and
he's caught a lot of fish in a
lot of different pound test
lines and he can understand how
to fight it too inefficient you
can as long as you have a good
angle and you got a good startup
package you can mold him into
the perfect thing and I'm seeing
that with Travis he wants to
learn he wants to be there he's
positive he has my back no
matter what and that's what
matters
well we saw another boat go from
three to two also this week we
saw pretty nice party as well
but Dave your boat is going to
be down a man also as Joe heads
back to college how worried are
you that you're now going to
have to go out and do this with
two again how how important was
he to you get you where you are
right look he definitely was a
huge help especially to because
always did my son has been my
good luck job it will be
important to get out there this
week with its with jose God my
good-luck job Jay and I really
get a producer fish that's going
to be everything that'll keep
the momentum going
if we strike out I feel we're
just gonna fall behind
well we've seen things fall
apart certainly this week on the
Kelley and the fleet's for top
boats however fishing vessel
tuna.com hard merchandise
pinwheel and Hot Tuna are all in
a very tight race Dave we've
heard you guys talked about it
before your boat is often viewed
as sort of what the the ugly
duckling of the woods at the
humpty dumpty yeah he's not be
the same foot inside of the to
the fleet they like to call us
you guys are you limping around
how important these final few
weeks here a little more than
halfway done through this season
how important is it for you guys
to show the rest of this fleet
that it doesn't matter how big
or how nice looking the boat is
you can still get it done that
we've showed him if nothing else
we've showed up to this point
you know that we can keep up
with anybody with the boat we
got I'm just hoping you know
maybe we can keep doing it but
if we don't you know what even
if it ends tomorrow
we've had a great season on a
personal level I'm happy with
that we caught some fish we made
some money i got to fish with my
son I could ask for nothing more
when i was 16 years old I was
falling hard merchandise around
the ocean that I was catching
fish like it was going out of
style
seriously David was catching
fish and he was the Heighliner
and Gloucester like three years
in around and this guy can get
it done and the fact that he's
having such a hot year is
dangerous how does your game
plan change now going forward is
only going to be two guys in the
boat you want to try and stay
near the top what changes you
entertainment which is going to
change i'm just gonna keep
yelling yelling at Jade at
catching fish every down there
I'll handle it but not catching
fish i'll have a meltdown swear
words around now you know yeah
it seems to have brought you
quite a bit of locking three
fish this weekend Tyler for you
I mean you once again you're
near the top of the leaderboard
not necessarily at the top this
week was just a couple years ago
that you won this whole thing
how important is it for you to
show that wasn't a fluke
yeah definitely wasn't a fluke
me not think i put enough fish
across the dock over the years
before that to prove that I'm an
adequate fisherman and I can
hang with these guys you know
the seasons got a lot left in it
and there's a lot to come and I
know that Travis and I we're
going to get it together we
catch a lot of fish
alright that's all the time
we've got I want to thank all
these guys captain Paul ebert
for the Kelly Anne Morrow
dibacco as well the owner of
Kellyanne captain Dave Marciano
the hard merchandise and of
course captain Tyler McLaughlin
of little wheel to catch all of
the Real Talk episodes you know
where to go natgeo tv.com / real
talk will be back again next
week right after the all-new
episode of wicked tuna on
national geographic channel that
is sunday at night
nine o'clock Marciano and tyler
both gonna be back next week
along with Captain David Marrero
of the fishing vessel tuna.com
and Captain Paul Cheney of the
drama is going to be joining us
as well one captain's gonna take
a brave but risky plunge into
shark-infested waters while
another captain's aggressive
behavior might cost him his
mates get your wicked tuna fix
by liking us on Facebook or
follow us on twitter to get
daily updates will see you next
time on wicked tuna
real talk
yeah